README.md, before:

# SWS 2021 - BEAST Project

TO-DO:

* [ ] Demonstration
* [ ] Simulation
* [ ] Paper
* [ ] Presentation

## Questions:
How do we craft the malicious JavaScript?
> The quick answer would be making the client connect to a WebSocket, where we can construct the entire plaintext freely, so block boudaries can be easily controlled. Yet we'd have to write a WebSocket service (considered to be hosted by the vulnerable server) dedicated for this. Is there an easier way?

Who should get the IV for the current TLS record?
>Suppose we write a WebSocket server for this. We want the client to send the Kth block with plaintext like this:
```
P ^ Block(k-1) ^ Block(i-1)
```
> where `P` is the plaintext block containing one guessed byte and `Block(i)` is the encrypted block containing one byte of our target data. In order to do this, someone would have to tell the client about the current block's IV (to XOR out the original IV). Who is to do this job? Our Man-in-the-Middle won't be able to send it correctly to the client (can't encrypt without server AES key), unless this is done via another insecure WebSocket service (considered to be hosted by MitM, accessed by JS). Or is it possible that the injected JS can get the previous encrypted block entirely on the client? Not likely, they work on totally different layers.

After thinking about the above questions, the implementation I'm currently thinking of is something like this

![chart](https://i.ibb.co/3dzdkPs/beast-chart.png)

Commit message:

Added a Python script to get the IV
Please ignore changes in README, they are only some personal notes during exploration that is not relevant any more.

README.md, after:

# SWS 2021 - BEAST Project

TO-DO:

* [ ] Demonstration
* [ ] Simulation
* [ ] Paper
* [ ] Presentation

## Questions:
How do we craft the malicious JavaScript?
> ~~The quick answer would be making the client connect to a WebSocket, where we can construct the entire plaintext freely, so block boudaries can be easily controlled. Yet we'd have to write a WebSocket service (considered to be hosted by the vulnerable server) dedicated for this. Is there an easier way?~~ According to this [essay](http://netifera.com/research/beast/beast_DRAFT_0621.pdf), we must force the client to encrypt a custom plaintext block and send it. This plaintext block will certainly not be a well-formatted HTTP request! Also the essay mentions in an example that there should be a secure WebSocket service on some URL on the server. But WebSocket service also has a plaintext format that prevents me from constructing arbitrary blocks.

Who should get the IV for the current TLS record?
>Suppose we write a WebSocket server for this. We want the client to send the Kth block with plaintext like this:
```
P ^ Block(k-1) ^ Block(i-1)
```
> where `P` is the plaintext block containing one guessed byte and `Block(i)` is the encrypted block containing one byte of our target data. In order to do this, someone would have to tell the client about the current block's IV (to XOR out the original IV). Who is to do this job? Our Man-in-the-Middle won't be able to send it correctly to the client (can't encrypt without server AES key), unless this is done via another insecure WebSocket service (considered to be hosted by MitM, accessed by JS). ~~Or is it possible that the injected JS can get the previous encrypted block entirely on the client? Not likely, they work on totally different layers.~~ I have now chosen to tell the JS our IVs via a script on the client.

After thinking about the above questions, the implementation I'm currently thinking of is something like this

![chart](https://i.ibb.co/3dzdkPs/beast-chart.png)

## Simulation Outline
I plan to use Docker containers as the 3 roles in our attack scenario.

Yet due to various restrictions and our project focus, **the containers are not doing the exact same jobs as their respective roles in real cases.**
* Client: Runs Selenium and visits our vulnerable server. Also runs a `ivprovider.py` script to get its IV into JavaScript for plaintext crafting (should be the attacker's job).
* Server: Runs a vulnerable Apache HTTP Server which only accepts TLS 1.0.
* Attacker: Basically it should sniff encrypted packets in the whole process and find out the secret cookie. Since `ivprovider.py` is doing the sniffing job, the latter part could also be done on the client. So far it seems that there is no need for a separate container.
